Update tutorial (#2068)
reimagined/resolve: tutorial/lesson-3/README.md

# Hello World Example

![hello-world-typescript](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19663260/41165078-617d223c-6b45-11e8-8f9f-ffdc02e068ae.png)

This is an empty app used as a default template for new **reSolve** applications.

> To create aa new TypeScript project based on this example, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new TypeScript project based on this example, type the following:
```

```sh
npx create-resolve-app hello-world-react -e react -t
```

> To create a JavaScript project, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a JavaScript project, type the following:
```
